GA4 docs updates (#2787)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-google-analytics-4/index.md

When you have Segment installed, you can use your existing tracking implementation to fulfill your data collection needs with Google Analytics 4. Segment will send your data server-side to [Google's Measurement Protocol API](https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/protocol/ga4).

> > warning "" 

Author: ```suggestion
> warning ""
```

> When you have Segment installed, you can use your existing tracking implementation to fulfill your data collection needs with Google Analytics 4. Segment will send your data server-side to [Google's Measurement Protocol API](https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/protocol/ga4).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you have Segment installed, you can use your existing tracking implementation to fulfill your data collection needs with Google Analytics 4. Segment will send your data server-side to [Google's Measurement Protocol API](https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/protocol/ga4){:target='_blank'}.
```

> warning ""

> > Google Analytics 4 does not officially support a pure server-to-server integration, however Segment continues to monitor the capabilities of the Measurement Protocol API and make updates accordingly to achieve a reasonable level of reporting for our mutual customers. Segment does not have plans to build a device-mode integration with Gtag for Google Analytics 4.

Author: ```suggestion
> Google Analytics 4 does not officially support a pure server-to-server integration, however Segment continues to monitor the capabilities of the Measurement Protocol API and will make updates accordingly to achieve a reasonable level of reporting for our mutual customers. Segment does not have plans to build a device-mode integration with Gtag for Google Analytics 4.
```

> > Google Analytics 4 does not officially support a pure server-to-server integration, however Segment continues to monitor the capabilities of the Measurement Protocol API and will make updates accordingly to achieve a reasonable level of reporting for our mutual customers. Segment does not have plans to build a device-mode integration with Gtag for Google Analytics 4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Google Analytics 4 doesn't officially support a pure server-to-server integration. However, Segment monitors the capabilities of the Measurement Protocol API and updates accordingly to achieve a reasonable level of reporting for mutual customers. Segment doesn't plan to build a device-mode integration with Gtag for Google Analytics 4.
```

> > Google Analytics 4 does not officially support a pure server-to-server integration, however Segment continues to monitor the capabilities of the Measurement Protocol API and will make updates accordingly to achieve a reasonable level of reporting for our mutual customers. Segment does not have plans to build a device-mode integration with Gtag for Google Analytics 4.

Author: Already accepted a different update to this that I think works!

#### Tracking Active Users and Sessions
The Google Analytics 4 reports will only display active users who engage with your site for a non-zero amount of time. To ensure users are rendered in reports, Segment sets the `engagement_time_msec` parameter to 1 by default. If you track engagement time on your Segment events, you can use the **Engagement Time in Milliseconds** field mapping to set `engagement_time_msec` to a different value.

If you choose to integrate with Google Analytics 4 client-side (using Gtag outside of Segment) _and_ also use Segment's Google Analytics 4 destination to send events through the API, you can track sessions server-side. When using Gtag, [Google generates a `session_id` and `session_number` when a session begins](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/9191807?hl=en){:target='_blank'}. The `session_id` and `session_number` generated on the client can be passed as Event Parameters to stitch events sent through the API with the same session that was collected client-side.

> info "Tracking sessions limitations"

> > Session tracking server-side only works if you're also sending data to Google Analytics 4 client-side. This is because the `session_id` must match a value that was previously collected on the client. Events still have to arrive within a 48 hour window of when the client-side events arrived, for them to be stitched properly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Session tracking server-side only works if you're also sending data to Google Analytics 4 client-side. This is because the `session_id` must match a value that was previously collected on the client. For events to stitch properly, they must arrive within a 48 hour window of when the client-side events arrived.
```

#### Custom Events
In addition to recommended events, you can also send custom events using the [Custom Event action](/docs/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-google-analytics-4/#custom-event). Custom events are events that you name. Custom events don't appear in most standard reports; you need to set up custom reports for meaningful analysis. To create custom events in the Google Analytics 4 web interface, see Google’s [Modify and create events through the user interface](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/10085872){:target='_blank'}.

> info "Event naming limitations"
> Google Analytics 4 requires that all event names contain only alpha-numeric characters and underscores, and must start with an alphabetic character. Segment replaces spaces in Event Names with an underscore, so that these events are accepted by GA4. For example, Segment renames an event named `Home Profile` to `Home_Profile`. In some cases, GA4 may reject an event outright, due to unsupported characters. For example, an event named `Home | Profile` will be silently rejected due to the pipe character.
> 

> > In all cases, event names in GA4 are case sensitive. The Custom Event action includes a **Lowercase Event Name** option, to ensure consistency of all events sent to Google. For more information, see Google's articles [Google Analytics 4 event name rules](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/10085872?hl=en&ref_topic=9756175#event-name-rules){:target='_blank'} and [Event name limitations](https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/protocol/ga4/sending-events?client_type=firebase){:target="_blank"}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In all cases, event names in GA4 are case sensitive. The Custom Event action includes a **Lowercase Event Name** option, to ensure consistency of all events sent to Google. For more information, see Google's articles [Google Analytics 4 event name rules](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/10085872?hl=en&ref_topic=9756175#event-name-rules){:target='_blank'} and [Event name limitations](https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/protocol/ga4/sending-events?client_type=firebase){:target="_blank"}.
```

> #### Custom Dimensions & Metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Custom Dimensions and Metrics
```

> With Google Analytics 4, you must create custom dimensions and metrics within the Google Analytics 4 interface and link parameters to the corresponding dimension or metric. When creating the dimension or metric, you can either select a parameter from the list of already collected fields or enter the name of the parameter you plan to collect in the future. Custom dimensions can be either event-scoped or user-scoped, and custom metrics must always be event-scoped. To send parameters to Google Analytics 4, use the Event Parameters or User Properties object available on every action. Google will silently drop any events that include nested parameters so please ensure you are only passing flat key-value pairs in the Event Parameters and User Properties objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Google Analytics 4, you must create custom dimensions and metrics within the Google Analytics 4 interface and link parameters to the corresponding dimension or metric. When creating the dimension or metric, you can either select a parameter from the list of already collected fields or enter the name of the parameter you plan to collect in the future. Custom dimensions can be either event-scoped or user-scoped, and custom metrics must always be event-scoped. To send parameters to Google Analytics 4, use the Event Parameters or User Properties object available on every action. Only pass flat key-value pairs in the Event Parameters and User Properties objects. Google silently drops any events that include nested parameters.
```

> To achieve parity with Universal Analytics, you will probably want to create the same custom dimensions that you defined in Universal Analytics. Additionally, many of the values that you tracked as event dimensions in Universal Analytics, particularly event category and event label, should be recreated in Google Analytics 4 as custom dimensions. For more information, see Google’s [Google Analytics 4 Custom dimensions and metrics](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/10075209){:target='_blank'}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To achieve parity with Universal Analytics, you'll probably want to create the same custom dimensions that you defined in Universal Analytics. Additionally, many of the values that you tracked as event dimensions in Universal Analytics, particularly event category and event label, should be recreated in Google Analytics 4 as custom dimensions. For more information, see Google’s [Google Analytics 4 Custom dimensions and metrics](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/10075209){:target='_blank'}.
```

> #### Tracking Active Users & Sessions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Tracking Active Users and Sessions
```

The Google Analytics 4 reports will only display active users who engage with your site for a non-zero amount of time. To ensure users are rendered in reports, Segment sets the `engagement_time_msec` parameter to 1 by default. If you track engagement time on your Segment events, you can use the **Engagement Time in Milliseconds** field mapping to set `engagement_time_msec` to a different value.

> If you choose to integrate with Google Analytics 4 client-side (using Gtag outside of Segment) _and_ also use Segment's Google Analytics 4 destination to send events through the API, you can also track sessions server-side. When using Gtag, [Google generates a `session_id` and `session_number` when a session begins](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/9191807?hl=en){:target='_blank'}. The `session_id` and `session_number` can be passed as Event Parameters to Google Analytics 4 to stitch events sent through the API with the same session that was collected client-side.

Author: ```suggestion
If you choose to integrate with Google Analytics 4 client-side (using Gtag outside of Segment) _and_ also use Segment's Google Analytics 4 destination to send events through the API, you can track sessions server-side. When using Gtag, [Google generates a `session_id` and `session_number` when a session begins](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/9191807?hl=en){:target='_blank'}. The `session_id` and `session_number` can be passed as Event Parameters to Google Analytics 4 to stitch events sent through the API with the same session that was collected client-side.
```

Author: Waiting on Google to update their API docs so we can add a link.

> info "Tracking sessions limitations"

> > Session tracking server-side only works if you are also sending data to Google Analytics 4 client-side. This is because the `session_id` must match a value that was previously collected on the client. Events still have to arrive within a 48 hour window of when the client-side events arrived, for them to be stitched properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Session tracking server-side only works if you're also sending data to Google Analytics 4 client-side. This is because the `session_id` must match a value that was previously collected on the client. Events still have to arrive within a 48 hour window of when the client-side events arrived, for them to be stitched properly.
```

> 

> > Google does not support passing other reserved fields, such as [predefined user dimensions](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/9268042?hl=en&ref_topic=11151952){:target='_blank'} or device-specific information, to the Measurement Protocol API.

Author: ```suggestion
> Google does not currently support passing other reserved fields, such as [predefined user dimensions](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/9268042?hl=en&ref_topic=11151952){:target='_blank'} or device-specific information, to the Measurement Protocol API.
```

> > Google does not currently support passing other reserved fields, such as [predefined user dimensions](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/9268042?hl=en&ref_topic=11151952){:target='_blank'} or device-specific information, to the Measurement Protocol API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Google doesn't currently support passing other reserved fields, such as [predefined user dimensions](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/9268042?hl=en&ref_topic=11151952){:target='_blank'} or device-specific information, to the Measurement Protocol API.
```
